Test Case: Testing SSH connectivity using Password and Key based authentication.
Purpose: To validate correct establishment and connectivity of Password and Key Based SSH authentication.
User: root

Requirements:
	1. Stable internet connection is established on Host and User machines.
	2. SSH Service is installed, configured and running on the Host machine and User Machine.
	3. SSH port is not blocked by firewall.
	4. Host Machine is reachable through network from User Machine.

Test Data:
	Host Machine name: host-machine
	User Machine username: user
	Password: usermachinepassword
	Private Key: /path/to/user_private_key

For Password based authentication:
	3. User holds valid username and password .

For Key Based authentication: 
	4. User has generated public and private key pair.
	5. For Key Based authentication - User has added public key to the Host Machine and stored private key on User Machine.

Password connection authentication steps:
	1. User opens command line terminal on User Machine.
	2. User types and runs ssh command: ssh user@host-machine.

	Expected Result:
		1. A prompt for the User to enter their password should appear.
		2. User should be able enter password "usermachinepassword" and successfully authenticate with Host Machine.
		3. A connection should be stablished between User and Host Machine.


Key based authentication steps:
	1. User opens command line terminal on User Machine.
	2. User types and runs command: ssh - i path/to/user_private_key user@host-machine.
	4. User is now authenticated and logged into the Host Machine.

	Expected Result:
		1. A prompt for the User to enter their password should appear.
		2. User should be able enter password "usermachinepassword" and successfully authenticate with Host Machine.
		3. A connection should be stablished between User and Host Machine.

Post-conditions:
	1. User has successfully authenticated and connected to the Host Machine using either key based or password based authentication.

Pass/Fail Criteria:
	Pass: User has successfully authenticated and connected to the Host Machine and is able to execute commands in the command line interface.
	Fail: Failure to establish and authenticate SSH connection between User and Host Machine during key based or password based authentication steps.